First page:

 

About Xeina Xtreme with brief background of Xeina Drugs: Shashank to provide

 

Why proteins are important for well being.-

Protein is one of the major components of a healthy, functional body. Practically all of the reactions in the body are regulated by enzymes, which are a type of protein. Digestion and energy production are two examples of bodily processes that are influenced by proteins. Protein is vital for muscle growth and repair, especially after exercise. Additionally, protein helps strengthen your body on the outside in the forms of keratin and collagen.

 

About Whey protein – Isolate- 

Whey is a nutrient-dense, nearly translucent liquid consisting of all nine essential amino acids (the building blocks of protein) and vitamins and minerals. Whey protein powder is often used as a nutritional supplement, and it can be added to smoothies, shakes, protein bars, meal replacements and more.

About BCAAs- 

BCAAs represent about 35 to 40% of all essential amino acids in the body, and 14 to 18% can be found in the muscles. BCAAs can help the body produce energy during exercise, as well as reduce fatigue during it by lowering the production of serotonin in the brain

About preworkout - Akshat and team

The purpose of a pre-workout meal is simple: to fuel your activity and give your body what it needs to perform at its peak. One must eat 1-3 hours before workout, depending on how quickly body digests food. Liquid meals digest more easily and can be consumed closer to the workout time.
 

 

Second page:

 

Information about Xtreme Pro- Whey isolate- information to be taken from flyer and label, shared already

 

Third page:

 

Information about Xtreme Endurance - BCAAs- information to be taken from label, shared already

 

Fourth page :

 

About how the xtreme supplements was introduced in Xtreme survivor Semi Pro championship….

 

Snippets of the event, pics of booth, pics of athletes. Feedback from atheletes: Shashank to proviode

 

Fourth Page-

Order booking/ Enquiry form

 

 

 

 

Reference website

https://www.optimumnutrition.com/en-in

 

Regards,

Shashank Mohan

COO

Xeina Drugs

+91-7573032259

www.xeinadrugs.com